# Maintainer Meeting

## Attendees

- [Gaius](https://github.com/gaius-qi) (Ant Group/Dragonfly)
- [Song Yan](https://github.com/imeoer) (Ant Group/Nydus)
- [Liu Zhao](https://github.com/BraveY) (Ant Group/Nydus)
- [Chenyu Zhang](https://github.com/chlins) (Ant Group/Dragonfly/Harbor)
- [mingcheng](https://github.com/mingcheng) (The Apache Software Foundation
/Dragonfly)
- [Muyu Yang](https://github.com/LunaWhispers) (Ant Group/Dragonfly)
- [Xinxin Zhao](https://github.com/Liam-Zhao) (Dragonfly)
- [Zuliang Wang](https://github.com/CooooolFrog) (Alibaba Cloud)
- [Chaozhi Ma](https://github.com/ClementMaH) (Alibaba Cloud)
- [Yuan Yang](https://github.com/yyzai384) (Alibaba Cloud)


## Topics

## Group discussion on design reviews, code reviews, issue reviews or other technical topics as needed

### Github Issue

#### TODO

- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/client/issues/1214 @gaius-qi
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/dragonfly/issues/4202 @yyzai384
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/dragonfly/issues/4195 @chlins
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/dragonfly/issues/4204 @chlins
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/nydus/issues/1715 @imeoer
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/nydus/issues/1719 @BraveY

#### WIP

- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/helm-charts/issues/363 @chlins
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/helm-charts/issues/387 @imeoer
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/client/issues/1116 @yxxhero
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/dragonfly/issues/3733 @chlins
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/dragonfly/issues/3771 @chlins
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/dragonfly/issues/3744 @CormickKneey
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/dragonfly/issues/3807 @mingcheng
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/dragonfly/issues/3816 @hyy0322
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/dragonfly/issues/3981 @LunaWhispers
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/dragonfly/issues/4094 @LunaWhispers
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/helm-charts/issues/244 @LunaWhispers
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/dragonfly/issues/4160 @gaius-qi
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/nydus/issues/1713 @BraveY

#### Done

- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/dragonfly/issues/4138 @yxxhero
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/dragonfly/issues/4040 @gaius-qi
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/dragonfly/issues/4130 @hyy0322
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/console/issues/552 @Liam-Zhao

### Slack Issue

#### To Reply

- https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C038X8KH1QT/p1741188384363019 @CormickKneey
- https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C038X8KH1QT/p1741616297121759 @yxxhero

#### To Resolve

- https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C038X8KH1QT/p1742891332327109 @chlins
- https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C038X8KH1QT/p1747035632085719?thread_ts=1742891332.327109&cid=C038X8KH1QT @hyy0322
- https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C038X8KH1QT/p1747600751800069 @fcgxz2003
- https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C038X8KH1QT/p1748293597062079 @fcgxz2003

#### Resolved

- https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C038X8KH1QT/p1742572826462699 @LunaWhispers


## Synchronization and discussion of community promotion activities (e.g., conference promotion, technical articles)

## Actions

- [ ] Next meeting topic collection and organization @mingcheng
- [ ] Establishment of rules for the distribution of issues: The bi-weekly meeting facilitator collects recent unprocessed issues two days before each bi-weekly meeting and notifies developers to claim them themselves. For unclaimed issues, assign someone to handle them. @all
- [ ] Collect information of the conference promotion and organize members to participate. @mingcheng
- [ ] Complete the final version of the graduation proposal and application document by this Friday. And complete PR review and merge next week. @mingcheng @gaius-qi
- [ ] Put the graduation application document for developers to review together. @mingcheng
- [ ] Handle with issues in the nydus project that have not been responded to for a long time and tag the issues. @imeoer @BraveY
- [ ] Support Model Artifact by OCI Spec in VLLM, and Dragonfly needs to support P2P distribution of Model layers. @CormickKneey
- [ ] Support Model Artifact by OCI Spec in Fluid, and Dragonfly needs to support P2P distribution of Model layers. @chlins @gaius-qi
- [ ] Update devlopment guideance @CooooolFrog

